# Standup meeting 
February 10, 2021

9:00 PM

## Attendance:
- Here: Ellie, Elliot, Jason, Wilson, Elizabeth, Nathan, Eric
- Not here: Zane, Stephen

## Logistics
- Designated note takers and presenters (on Miro board)
- Remember to push everything to the dev branch
- Team should read through ADR section in the wiki
- Next standup meeting will go through everyone individually to check on progress
- Fill out troopr if you can't make the meeting that ngiht so that Standup note taker knows whose progress to transfer

## Task 1
- Liz and Ellie migrated tasks to Github issues, was approved by Chad

## Pipeline Group
- Pipeline working right now, will see if it continues to work
- Group needs to install 3 extensions (In the wiki page)
- Wilson will make video tutorial for pipeline

## HTML Team
- Structured the html around the design
- Not sure how we want to format it yet

## CSS Team
- Eric set up baseline CSS code
- Liz cleaned up code and tweaked some colors and sizing
- Will need to add more stuff as more features come in, but good for now

## Javascript team
- Need to create tests for code
  - ex. filename.js -> filename.test.js
  - Everyone should write their own tests for their functions
- Divided up modules into 3 files - 1 for buttons, 1 for timer, 1 for controller
- Have some pseudocode that we will start working on top of
- Elliot tweaked Nathan's code a bit
- Can take advantage of issue and assignments
