# [ Meeting With Chad ]
## Time: February 19, 2021 2:00pm(UTC-8)

## Location: Zoom
<hr>

Attendance:
Elizabeth Morris, Ellie Huo, Jason Wong, Wilson Low, Elliot Kim, Eric Pham, Nathan Kim, Zane Calini

Unattendance:
Sicong Duan

## Notes
<hr>
Writing the test cases for our written javascript files for ex. a test file for checking the audio is working properly( check into the DOM ).

### Standupnotes & Meetings
<hr>
(Elliot) Standups are going great. It helps me to stay on top of the issues and working on the project.

A temperature check to see where we are at. In light of the current sprints how do we feel for the broader roadmap for the entire term.
Doing more, doing less, or cutting some things off? 
(Ellie & Elliot) We are on track, we might be adding more features than we originally planned. We will prioritize the green sticky notes and add other elements. 

2:18

Things seem to be going faster and we can add thigns that are nice to have.
How do we feel about the allocation of labor, some people working on css, html, javascript, etc. Do we need to shuffle people around to different areas.
(Ellie) Each issue has a small team that work on that particular task and split it amongst themselves as they sign up to it. We don't delegate
a specific amount of labor, but because everyone is able to gauge their own work it could lead to developing more code.
(Chad) Some teams underestimated the amount of time assigned to each task such as javascript taking more. 

2:22
## Checking the docs/js test files
Are there any examples of unit tests? We have to prioritize the units tests and get them done for the features because this is important for the grading!


2:26
## How are the meetings with Chad, the discussion sessions, and the breakdown points that chad posts on the manager channel 
(Wilson) The discussions timing is a bit early and its tough for a lot of students to attend it that early. 
Retrospective style of discussions or demo style? 
(Ellie) Demos are pretty good demonstration of how progress is being made and to review specifics of a teams progress. (Elliot) I see the potential in both styles.

## Grading Considerations?

A list of guiding principles of how we develop, how we write code and focusing on things that are important and not getting off into the reeds. We want code that could get the user
up to speed. Well documentation and structure, comprehensive documentation and javascript testing is more important than quantity of features.( Keep this in mind ). 
We should be documenting daily-standups and that we are continuing saving and posting that information to the repo. 
Again there isnt a specific checklist, but rather looking over things holistically. Other things that are important are User Experience. Are the features relevant or useful that solve the 
context of the problem.




